it is important is to succeed again
very important of a demonstration that
this team is emotionally strong that
is united and that the party that we lost
is within the possibilities in the
football can be lost we lost before a
important rival like vélez but
we quickly changed and we could
get the three points after this this
party that is a team wants to be
champion it seems to me that he has to win or
at least play
to us today we have to be
calm enjoy this moment
because the triumphs are enjoyed
in family with friends and on Tuesday
once you start the treatment of
we know the time of the hammer
it is difficult patience within the
court when the situation maybe is not
the best and yet this up the
you have to play to try to
look for the result
and I think to emphasize patience
our and to highlight the patience of
the people out there our moment
where he could not convert people
he got a little impatient but this
once we are all the same wave and
we feel support for the people and the
tranquility of high level friends
I believe more than anything in the collective and
the desire to defend this shirt as
be and good the possibilities that the
technical I try not to waste but
equally the important collectives
orality
I personally look at the top
being aware of the other party but
last year the championship passed on
other
and we looked at everything from below
and today I change and we are taking advantage of
this moment and we do not want to go down
we are showing that you can
considering that the river is a candidate
title is very premature
I think there are few games to go
talk about a candidate us
inwardly we know the dream that
we have all and good match after
party we are demonstrating that we want
in the fight